Data management case:
Consider the following case and answer question 1 using up to 600 words.
The Group for the Appreciation of the Natterjack Toad (GANT) scenario
The Group for the Appreciation of the Natterjack Toad (GANT) is a conservation
group which is keen to promote and preserve the well-being of the Natterjack toad.
It has a significant number of members in a number of different countries around the
world, all of whom are keen to promote the work of the Group which is a charity
registered in the UK. All the Group’s information is either on a web-based application
available to members over the Internet or on old-fashioned, paper-based documents
held by Dr Jane Peabody, the honorary secretary/treasurer.
The Natterjack toad is an endangered species which is gradually being destroyed by
the development of areas where it prospers and through pollution affecting the
brackish water and sand dunes in which it lives. The membership of the organisation
is growing and the system for managing the records of members is one area where
there are some concerns about the information assurance. Details of the Group’s
activities, their meeting places, their website and other aspects of the Group’s work
have been compromised in the recent past owing to the server containing them
having no significant assurance in place. The chairperson (Ms Rachel Jackson)
believes it is the right time to take information assurance more seriously. She has
heard a bit about Information Assurance but needs to be clear what it really means
and, most importantly, what the benefits and costs would be to the organisation.
Question 1:
Assume that you have been invited to a committee meeting of GANT by
the chairperson, who wants you to ‘start the ball rolling’ by explaining
why it would be a good idea for GANT to think about Information
Assurance.
To make your points most forcefully, she has asked you to define three
threats to the organisation, three vulnerabilities and consequently three
risks that any Information Assurance system would need to manage.

Risk assessment case
Consider the following case and answer question 2 using up to 600 words.
Apple Health
The most prominent healthcare product by Apple is its health app. It is a complete
tracker for measuring all the activities and health of the user. It monitors sleep, food,
activity, heart rate (when connected with IoT devices), and other things that provide
a clear assessment of the user’s health data. The patient can connect this health
data with other applications and ensure that they achieve the best measurements
for the same. Apple Health is one of the best healthcare application examples that
patients can use to get a better idea of their health.
Link: https://www.apple.com/healthcare/
Question 2:
Provide a risk assessment report for the Apple Health scenario. Identify at least 5 risks
and mitigation strategies.


Case security frameworks
Consider the following case and answer question 3 using up to 600 words.
Technology is transforming the point of sale—definitely for the better. Today’s point
of sale (POS) systems are light years removed from cash registers of the past. POS
credit card processing is easier than ever, but you’ll want to become familiar with the
latest in what’s available before diving in.
So let’s catch up on what’s new. Here’s a brief introduction to point of sale credit
card processing:
A new era for POS credit card processing equipment
If you run a physical store location, you’ll need the right equipment to accept credit
cards, debit cards, digital wallets and other forms of payment.
Credit card terminals are the most familiar and longest-standing forms of retail
payment acceptance. Credit card terminals are easy to use both for your staff and
your customers. Yet even these “simple” credit card terminals are smarter than ever.
The majority of credit card terminals issued support secure transactions such as
EMV “chip card” technology. Today, smart credit card terminals include NFC (nearfield communications) technology that accept contactless payments and mobile
wallets such as Apple Pay, Google Pay, and Samsung Pay.
Credit card terminals can provide a simple and reliable way to accept credit cards at
the point of sale. The primary function of a standalone terminal is to accept card
payments. For value-added solutions that provide additional benefits beyond
processing such as, payroll management, loyalty programs and more, you’ll want to
look to a fully-integrated POS system.
A fully-integrated POS system is engineered so you can to operate your business
more efficiently, both on the front end and back office. Often sleek and powerful with
full-screen graphical interfaces, integrated POS systems are easy to use.
At the point of sale, faster checkout frees you and your staff to spend more time
attending to the needs of customers. When it’s time to manage back-office tasks,
integrated POS systems offer a wealth of businesses productivity tools including
direct reporting, inventory tracking, and employee scheduling features.
POS systems are rich in features, but they typically cost a bit more than a standalone
terminal. Fully integrated POS systems aren’t right for every business when starting
out. But for those ready to take the plunge, a wide variety of integrated systems are
available, often designed specifically for the needs of industries just like yours.
Mobile acceptance solutions are the newest entry to the world of POS credit card
processing. Mobile acceptance allows you to take payments using just a smartphone
and a card reader. Apps and attachments like secure credit card readers make the
point of sale wherever you want it to be.
Mobile acceptance solutions let you accept credit cards anywhere: a flea market,
house call, client visit or letting your staff meet your customers where they are within
your store. Mobile payment systems are best known for business on-the-go. Yet the
simple act of freeing the point of sale from the register is transforming in-store
checkout as well.
Question 3:
Provide a discussion on data management frameworks considering the payment
systems. What are the vulnerabilities and security controls for the POS case? Provide
at least 4 security controls.

Write Literature review for the above cases. Provide references and citations where necessary

Write an Abstract with the following ;

1.Why cybertreats are increasing

2. Talk about cases used in the 3 assessment discussed above.

3. Talk about Significance of the findings from the 3 assessment discussed above.



Write an Introduction with structure laying the following ;

1. The background for the 3 assessment discussed above.
2.  The purpose for the 3 assessment discussed above.
3. The scope for the 3 assessment discussed above.
4. The summary  body of the paper for the 3 assessment discussed above.
